Can't speak human language.
Get out. brother.
yes. yes. yes. yes.
yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
yes. yes. yes. yes.
yes. yes. yes.
yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
Huan Husband is just a lesson to a piece of trash
on my attached site
Anyone who can't eat will be forced to leave.
I attach to the old lady
You finally come back
Have we visited you often?
That's the old lady attached
own territory
He was also bullied by outsiders as a brat
I don’t know how to take good care of my granddaughter-in-law.